Add HardwareNodeConfigApplied status to Provisioning Request (#280)
openshift-kni/oran-o2ims: docs/cluster-provisioning.md

- ClusterResourcesCreated: The necessary cluster resources have been created.
- HardwareTemplateRendered: The hardware template has been successfully rendered.
- HardwareProvisioned: Hardware provisioning is complete.

> - HardwareNodeConfigApplied: Hardware node configuration are applied.

Reviewer: Typo: "is"

Author: Changed.

        reason: Completed
        status: "True"
        type: HardwareProvisioned

>       - lastTransitionTime: "2024-10-19T00:27:30Z"

Author: "Interface Label" section is added.

>         message: Node configuration has been applied to the cluster instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        message: Node configuration has been applied to the ClusterInstance
```

Reviewer: Same in the examples below.

Author: Changed.

        reason: Completed
        status: "True"
        type: HardwareProvisioned
      - lastTransitionTime: "2024-10-19T00:27:30Z"

>         message: Node configuration has been applied to the ClusterInstance

Reviewer 2: Should the message be "Node configuration has been applied to the `rendered` ClusterInstance" based on the code?

Author: Changed.
